Update experiment-management-api-experiments.md (#352)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/experiment-apis/en/experiment-management-api-experiments.md

## Edit

{{partial:admonition type='note'}}

> We do not currently support editing web experiments. If you try to edit a web experiment, you will get a 501 error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Experimentation doesn't support the editing of experiments. Attempts to edit a web experiment return a `501` error.
```
